Now the first step in your user expense design process should be stakeholders interviews so why the
CEO or the product manager or the product owner.
Why in the first place they created this product.
What make them create this product.
Why are they doing it.
What makes them think that this product is going to solve this user problem.
So a lot of times the product owners or the product managers are the people like developers or maybe
they are marketers or things like that.
So we need to understand why they are creating this product.
This app this e-commerce Web site or whatever they are building now when it was you were going for a
stakeholder interviews.
There are two most essential things you are going to ask them.
The first is what is the primary goal of your product.
So goals are really important from stakeholders point of view or whether you are interviewing users.
The first thing you are going to ask is What is your primary goal.
So this is going to be a long term goal and short term goals so long term goals might be that I want
to within five years.
I want my users to have these many features or they can drive this car without any interaction from
the outside world or this car is going to stop on any billboard that is you know connected with their
app or things like that.
So there are many things we are going to have on the long term list.
So at least ask them t to five short term goals and long term goals then the other thing is emotional
side.
What emotions they have about their product.
So let them write a short story about their product to get the emotions in their soul or in their heart
that my product is actually for busy photographers when they go out in the void and they are going to
drop their camera.
And this happened with me and my wife and we were you know in a lot of pain and we don't know what to
do.
So things like that.
So we need to get the emotional part along with all the goals and what are their plans for their product.
So this is going to help.
These are the questions you are going to ask.
I'm going to give you a resource a list of questions you are going to ask and you can download them.
So don't worry and you don't need to remember them.
So you have already asked few questions primary goals and emotional feelings and stories about that
product.
Now is the time that you want to book into the fears and assumptions of your stakeholders.
They might be thinking something that is not a you know actually going to happen or what fears they
have about their product that if the user is not going to use my cloud features then I am going to lose
my business.
Will the people actually be 100 bugs for this feature or whether they.
I'm going to get more subscriptions that are going to you know withstand the cost of my app or a lot
of different things they can do.
These can come up with in their mind.
So you are going to ask questions about the fears or assumptions.
For example a simple question would be what do you think that.
What are the things that you fear more stage your product is going to fail if something happens like
this.
So tell me three things or four things or five things that can make your product fail.
So this is going to you know a very big thing because we need to avoid it in every step.
And also if you know about design sprints and agent user expense design where we actually use a very
swift use expense design process we actually use these fears and assumptions and we test one of them
which is most important.
And if it proves wrong then we are going to build a product.
So this is how we are going to ask about the fears and assumptions of other users.
The last thing we are going to ask our stakeholders is about the users.
So for whom you are building this product.
Tell me who will use this product.
Where they will use this product.
What do you want those users to feel about your product what brand you are promoting what are your brand
values.
What are your design principles things like that.
These are actually you can say you can see aesthetics and actually as tactical aspects for example brand
guidelines or things like that.
Also about the users what they have in their mind that the ideal user will be something a busy mom or
a busy dad or things like that.
So these are few questions you are going to ask before you get into any user expense design process.
So I am going to share with you a whole document where I have asked a lot of different questions from
our stakeholders and in this whole course we are actually building an e-commerce store for a specific
niche which is princess dresses.
So we are actually aiming at the users which are from our end user will be the girls from three years
to ten or twelve years.
So why I took this example because it is easier to explain and comprehend.
No go ahead and download the sample questions along with this lesson I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.